SUPPORT.md, before:

# Support

Types of questions and where to ask:

- How do I? -- the Discourse forum at [community.k6.io](https://community.k6.io/) or [Stack Overflow](https://stackoverflow.com/questions/tagged/k6) (use tags: k6, javascript, load-testing)
- I got this error, why? -- [community.k6.io](https://community.k6.io/) or [Stack Overflow](https://stackoverflow.com/questions/tagged/k6)
- I got this error and I'm sure it's a bug -- [open a new issue](https://github.com/loadimpact/k6/issues), if there isn't one for this specific bug already
- I have an idea/request -- search the [GitHub issues](https://github.com/loadimpact/k6/issues) to see if it wasn't requested already - give the issue a :+1: if it was, create a new one if it wasn't
- Why do you? -- [community.k6.io](https://community.k6.io/) or [Slack](https://k6.io/slack)
- When will you? -- [community.k6.io](https://community.k6.io/) or [Slack](https://k6.io/slack)

If your questions are about any of the commercial Load Impact services like managed cloud execution and Load Impact Insights, you can contact <support@loadimpact.com> or write in the `#loadimpact` channel in [Slack](https://k6.io/slack).

Commit message:

Emphasize forum discussion for new feature requests
Resolves https://github.com/loadimpact/k6/pull/1309#pullrequestreview-342415834

SUPPORT.md, after:

# Support

Types of questions and where to ask:

- How do I? -- the Discourse forum at [community.k6.io](https://community.k6.io/) or [Stack Overflow](https://stackoverflow.com/questions/tagged/k6) (use tags: k6, javascript, load-testing)
- I got this error, why? -- [community.k6.io](https://community.k6.io/) or [Stack Overflow](https://stackoverflow.com/questions/tagged/k6)
- I got this error and I'm sure it's a bug -- [open a new issue](https://github.com/loadimpact/k6/issues), if there isn't one for this specific bug already
- I have an idea/request -- search the [GitHub issues](https://github.com/loadimpact/k6/issues) to see if it was already requested and give the issue a :+1: if so. If it wasn't, search [community.k6.io](https://community.k6.io/) or post a forum thread to discuss the idea with the developers before creating a GitHub issue.
- Why do you? -- [community.k6.io](https://community.k6.io/) or [Slack](https://k6.io/slack)
- When will you? -- [community.k6.io](https://community.k6.io/) or [Slack](https://k6.io/slack)

If your questions are about any of the commercial Load Impact services like managed cloud execution and Load Impact Insights, you can contact <support@loadimpact.com> or write in the `#loadimpact` channel in [Slack](https://k6.io/slack).
